Quinn:  
        I worked on the resource collection scenario.  My agent collects gold, then wood, up to a cap of 700g 400w, build a farm, and a barracks, and then has the barracks create 3 footmen as soon as the resources are available.
        The documentation was pretty good.  I think that the author did a great job of making it fairly easy to understand, especially for such a complex system.  I managed to get the system set up in a fairly reasonable (~2 hours) time period.  The only things that I struggled with were A the section on naming and creating your first agent. I wasn’t sure what to put into the config xml file,  I kept getting back class not found and it took some moving the file around, testing whether I needed src/name, src.name, name, etc. to figure out how it worked.  The other thing is, explaining the calling of different actions better.  I ended up just using manual controls to just do what I wanted and check the log to find the commands.  Having like, even just the method headers in there would be invaluable.  Overall, very good though.


Jack: 
        For this assignment, I worked on the combat agent, and created a scenario in which the user’s team wins. In my iteration of the combat agent, my ballistas tuck themselves into the far left corner of the map. Archers and footmen then surround the ballistas to reassure that nothing can strike them. Then, a “runner” footman lures enemy footmen to the defensive barricade. Since footmen have a range of 1, the enemies cannot hit the ballistas. From there, said ballistas attack the lured footmen and, once they are all defeated, attack and destroy the enemy tower.


I thought that the documentation for SEPIA was really well thought out. However, there are a few issues that I thought should be addressed. First, I would have preferred having some documentation that explained what each different type of unit does (i.e. tower, footmen, etc.). I managed to find that information through the xml files but, then again, having some spare documentation on the webpage would have helped. Additionally, the way in which the the configurations / folder hierarchies were explained left me somewhat confused when setting up run configurations (i.e using edu.cwru.sepia.agent.class.class instead of edu/cwru/sepia/agent/class.class, etc). I ended up spending roughly 2 hours figuring a workaround to this issue. To summarize, having more information on classpath setup and configuration would be much appreciated. Outside of those concerns, everything was well written and very well organized!